AAP-36632-update: TOC restructure of Ansible Lightspeed User Guide (#2790)
ansible/aap-docs: lightspeed/modules/proc_install-content-parser.adoc

`$ pip install --upgrade ansible-content-parser`

. Perform one of the following tasks:

> ** To generate a training data set without ansible-lint preprocessing, go to section xref:generate-training-data-set_administering-ansible-lightspeed[Generating a custom model training data set]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** To generate a training data set without ansible-lint preprocessing, see xref:generate-training-data-set_administering-ansible-lightspeed[Generating a custom model training data set]. 
```

Author: Updated.
